README.md, before:

# Ammo Alerts
<img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Wyrrrd/Gun_Turret_Alerts/master/thumbnail.png width="128" height="128">

### Description
Adds alerts when a gun turret, vehicle or artillery is out of ammo or has low ammo. The amount of ammo considered low can be configured. Alerts for turrets, vehicles and artillery can be disabled separately. Behaviour on vehicles with multiple ammo slots can be configured (for all vehicles at once).

### Locale
If you want to contribute by translating this mod, you can view the existing translations on [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/factorio-mods-localization). I'd be happy to add your language and credits to the next release.

### Credit
Thanks to [unhott](https://mods.factorio.com/user/unhott) for the [original mod](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/GunTurretAlerts).  
Thanks to [snouz](https://mods.factorio.com/user/snouz) for the new icons and thumbnail.  
Thanks to [Friendch](https://mods.factorio.com/user/Friendch) for the french locale.

Commit message:

Added russian locale, small fixes

README.md, after:

# Ammo Alerts
<img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Wyrrrd/Gun_Turret_Alerts/master/thumbnail.png width="128" height="128">

### Description
Adds alerts when a gun turret, vehicle or artillery is out of ammo or has low ammo. The amount of ammo considered low can be configured. Alerts for turrets, vehicles and artillery can be disabled separately. Behaviour on vehicles with multiple ammo slots can be configured (for all vehicles at once).

### Locale
If you want to contribute by translating this mod, you can view the existing translations on [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/factorio-mods-localization). I'd be happy to add your language and credits to the next release.

### Credit
Thanks to [unhott](https://mods.factorio.com/user/unhott) for the [original mod](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/GunTurretAlerts).  
Thanks to [snouz](https://mods.factorio.com/user/snouz) for the new icons and thumbnail.
Thanks to [Friendch](https://mods.factorio.com/user/Friendch) for the french locale.
Thanks to [eugenikus8](https://github.com/eugenikus8) for the russian locale.
Thanks to [Met_en_Bouldry](https://crowdin.com/profile/Met_en_Bouldry) for the ukranian locale.
